# FP SIG meeting minutes - 2023-04-11

Decimal floating point:
- is there a significant cost in creating an extension/kicking of a (FP) TG
    - yes, needs clear resources for spec definition, arch compat tests, sail model, toolchain, and libraries, otherwise it will not get ratified
- how do we get more end-user feedback
    - user groups, ask for feedback more widely, reach out to IBM
- no plans for further work unless demand

Zfa:
- there are remaining questions about the constants proposed, e.g. static analysis may not give the full story, create github issue to discuss
- potential new FP extension need to support Zfa as well

Quad:
- is there interest? add to feedback request

FP catalog:
- in a good state
- summarise and send to tech-chairs for feedback, split request for scalar and vector
- make more easily available

Gap analysis:
- BF16 and FP8 main priority for extensions

BF16:
- initial analysis of support for a full BF16 extension (i.e. as an arithmetic format):
    - it is assumed as a possible full number format for StableHLO (ML portability layer) and there is partial support in IREE (ML compiler)
    - use case analysis shows examples of improvements over half precision
- may be a chicked and egg problem, RISC-V could be an enabler
- explore if there are proprietry implementations

FP8:
- Intel/ARM/nVidia proposal seems the leading candidate, that is what is picked up by IEEE
    - FP8 consist of two formats meant to be used together, need to solve how to deal with that in RISC-V
- explore if there are competing proposals
- interest in a presentation from IEEE on current status

Actions
- reach out to IBM on decimal floating point (Liang-Kai)
- create github issue to discuss Zfa constants (Liang-Kai/Peter)
- summarise FP catalog and prioritisation and ask for feedback from tech-chairs (Kenneth)
- make FP catalog more easily available (Kenneth)
- reach out to IEEE commitee for presenting current status of FP8 (Peter)
