# FP SIG meeting minutes - 2023-04-25

Updates on actions:
- Zfa: issue raised on github: https://github.com/riscv/riscv-isa-manual/issues/1009
    - ARC has requested Unpriv IC for more explanation on the choice of constants
- FP catalog: it's linked on the wiki, and sumarised and send to tech-chairs for feedback
    - split FP8 into P3109, NVIDIA/ARM/Intel, and Graphcore variants, with the todo to look if/where they differ
    - IEEE version will be the prefered one as that is assumed to have the concensus
- IEEE will present current status on FP8 to the FP SIG on May 23rd

AOB:
- option to present FP SIG status for RISC-V Summit Europe, also got an abstract on FP catalogue and BF16 findings 
- Arith is in September in Portland, any submission there?

Actions:
- gather open actions & questions for the next meeting (Kenneth)
- gather FP catalog feedback to discuss and adjust prioritisation if needed (Kenneth)
- double-check zoom arangements for invited guests (Kenneth)
