# FP SIG meeting minutes - 2023-09-12

Agenda items:
- Concluding gap analysis work ongoing, write-up of FP catalogue conclusions and recommendation, and send it round for review
- Planning to kick-off BF16 task group
    - also anounce on mailing list
    - full arithmetic support versus only conversion or widening fma

AOB:
- What do we support for full BF16? Starting point is same as F, D, etc. potentially also support "inx" and Zfa etc.

Open actions:
- Reach out to SW & tools about BF16 C-support
- Is it desirable to in general keep vector and scalar floating point support in sync?
    - Do we need a vector version of Zfa?
- Check with AI/ML, HPC and vector SIGs for recent updates
- Potential in person meetup for US summit
- Understand software tools and industry needs (partly done)
- Highlight and work to resolve gaps in ecosystem support (ongoing)
- Do we need Zfbfwma?
- Understand status, quality, coverage of testing frameworks, i.e. ACT (how to identify gaps in testing framework for floating point)
- How to map an increasing number of formats to a limited opcode space (e.g. what goes to the very limited compressed 16-bit)
- Look at available opcode space, opcode vs CSR mode
