# FP SIG meeting minutes - 2024-01-22

Agenda items:
- New meeting time
- Minutes up to date
- Plan for 2024
    - TG kick-off
    - Closer vector/matrix and AI/ML collaboration
    - scalar vs vector consistency, spreadsheet shared

AOB:
- Technical discussion on FROUND implementation approaches

Open actions:
- [x] Create/share spreadsheet of scalar vs vector support (Al)
- [x] Request preferred meeting time (Kenneth)
- [x] Gap analysis final corrections/additions (Kenneth)
- [ ] Reach out to SW & tools about BF16 C-support
- [ ] Is it desirable to in general keep vector and scalar floating point support in sync?
    - Do we need a vector version of Zfa?
- [ ] Check with AI/ML, HPC and vector SIGs for recent updates
- [ ] Understand software tools and industry needs (partly done)
- [ ] Do we need Zfbfwma?
- [ ] Understand status, quality, coverage of testing frameworks, i.e. ACT (how to identify gaps in testing framework for floating point)
- [ ] How to map an increasing number of formats to a limited opcode space (e.g. what goes to the very limited compressed 16-bit)
- [ ] Look at available opcode space, opcode vs CSR mode
